# modular-width




<object data="../local_4bj71L.pdf" type="application/pdf" width="100%" height="480px"><embed src="../local_4bj71L.pdf"><p>This browser does not support PDFs. Please download the PDF to view it: <a href="../local_4bj71L.pdf">Download PDF</a>.</p></embed></object>


<object data="../inclusions_4bj71L.pdf" type="application/pdf" width="100%" height="480px"><embed src="../inclusions_4bj71L.pdf"><p>This browser does not support PDFs. Please download the PDF to view it: <a href="../inclusions_4bj71L.pdf">Download PDF</a>.</p></embed></object>

* 2022/09 [Tran2022]({{< base >}}html/uXViPE)
    * page 14 : [modular-width]({{< base >}}html/4bj71L) -- The modular-width $mw(G)$ of a graph $G$ is the smallest number $h$ such that a $k$-partition $(V_1,\dots,V_k)$ of $G$ exists, where $k \le h$ and each subset $V_i$, $i \in [k]$ is a module and either contains a single vertex or for which the modular-subgraph $G[V_i]$ has a modular-width of $h$.
    * page 24 : graph class [path]({{< base >}}html/ryPlqz) has unbounded [modular-width]({{< base >}}html/4bj71L) -- The Modular-width of a path $P$ with length $n > 3$ is $n$.
    * page 25 : [modular-width]({{< base >}}html/4bj71L) $k$ upper bounds [clique-width]({{< base >}}html/wg5HuV) by $\mathcal O(k)$ -- Proposition 4.6. Modular-width strictly upper bounds Clique-width.
    * page 25 : bounded [clique-width]({{< base >}}html/wg5HuV) does not imply bounded [modular-width]({{< base >}}html/4bj71L) -- Proposition 4.6. Modular-width strictly upper bounds Clique-width.
    * page 25 : [modular-width]({{< base >}}html/4bj71L) $k$ upper bounds [diameter]({{< base >}}html/p4bTjp) by $\mathcal O(k)$ -- Theorem 4.7. Modular-width strictly upper bounds Max Diameter of Components.
    * page 25 : bounded [diameter]({{< base >}}html/p4bTjp) does not imply bounded [modular-width]({{< base >}}html/4bj71L) -- Theorem 4.7. Modular-width strictly upper bounds Max Diameter of Components.
    * page 28 : bounded [modular-width]({{< base >}}html/4bj71L) does not imply bounded [distance to cluster]({{< base >}}html/distance_to_WAU7vf) -- Proposition 4.10. Modular-width is incomparable to Distance to Cluster.
    * page 28 : bounded [distance to cluster]({{< base >}}html/distance_to_WAU7vf) does not imply bounded [modular-width]({{< base >}}html/4bj71L) -- Proposition 4.10. Modular-width is incomparable to Distance to Cluster.
    * page 28 : bounded [modular-width]({{< base >}}html/4bj71L) does not imply bounded [distance to co-cluster]({{< base >}}html/distance_to_7HR4uV) -- Proposition 4.11. Modular-width is incomparable to Distance to Co-Cluster.
    * page 28 : bounded [distance to co-cluster]({{< base >}}html/distance_to_7HR4uV) does not imply bounded [modular-width]({{< base >}}html/4bj71L) -- Proposition 4.11. Modular-width is incomparable to Distance to Co-Cluster.
    * page 30 : bounded [modular-width]({{< base >}}html/4bj71L) does not imply bounded [chordality]({{< base >}}html/fTqo40) -- Theorem 4.16. Modular-width is incomparable to Chordality.
    * page 30 : bounded [chordality]({{< base >}}html/fTqo40) does not imply bounded [modular-width]({{< base >}}html/4bj71L) -- Theorem 4.16. Modular-width is incomparable to Chordality.
* 2013 [modularwidth2013]({{< base >}}html/OH3sI3)
    * page 6 : [neighborhood diversity]({{< base >}}html/vMs3RS) $k$ upper bounds [modular-width]({{< base >}}html/4bj71L) by $\mathcal O(k)$ -- Theorem 3. Let $G$ be a graph. Then $\mathrm{mw}(G) \le \mathrm{nd}(G)$ and $\mathrm{mw}(G) \le 2\mathrm{tc}(G) + \mathrm{tc}(G)$. Furthermore, both inequalities are strict, ...
    * page 6 : bounded [modular-width]({{< base >}}html/4bj71L) does not imply bounded [neighborhood diversity]({{< base >}}html/vMs3RS) -- Theorem 3. Let $G$ be a graph. Then $\mathrm{mw}(G) \le \mathrm{nd}(G)$ and $\mathrm{mw}(G) \le 2\mathrm{tc}(G) + \mathrm{tc}(G)$. Furthermore, both inequalities are strict, ...
    * page 6 : [twin-cover number]({{< base >}}html/MUnHA0) $k$ upper bounds [modular-width]({{< base >}}html/4bj71L) by $2^{\mathcal O(k)}$ -- Theorem 3. Let $G$ be a graph. Then $\mathrm{mw}(G) \le \mathrm{nd}(G)$ and $\mathrm{mw}(G) \le 2\mathrm{tc}(G) + \mathrm{tc}(G)$. Furthermore, both inequalities are strict, ...
    * page 6 : bounded [modular-width]({{< base >}}html/4bj71L) does not imply bounded [twin-cover number]({{< base >}}html/MUnHA0) -- Theorem 3. Let $G$ be a graph. Then $\mathrm{mw}(G) \le \mathrm{nd}(G)$ and $\mathrm{mw}(G) \le 2\mathrm{tc}(G) + \mathrm{tc}(G)$. Furthermore, both inequalities are strict, ...
    * page 8 : bounded [modular-width]({{< base >}}html/4bj71L) does not imply bounded [shrub-depth]({{< base >}}html/NTgNzT) -- Theorem 4. There are classes of graphs with unbounded modular-width and bounded shrub-depth and vice versa.
    * page 8 : bounded [shrub-depth]({{< base >}}html/NTgNzT) does not imply bounded [modular-width]({{< base >}}html/4bj71L) -- Theorem 4. There are classes of graphs with unbounded modular-width and bounded shrub-depth and vice versa.
*  [unknown]({{< base >}}html/myit4D)
    * [modular-width]({{< base >}}html/4bj71L) $k$ upper bounds [clique-width]({{< base >}}html/wg5HuV) by $f(k)$
    * [modular-width]({{< base >}}html/4bj71L) $k$ upper bounds [diameter]({{< base >}}html/p4bTjp) by $f(k)$