# bandwidth




<object data="../local_aP5a38.pdf" type="application/pdf" width="100%" height="480px"><embed src="../local_aP5a38.pdf"><p>This browser does not support PDFs. Please download the PDF to view it: <a href="../local_aP5a38.pdf">Download PDF</a>.</p></embed></object>


<object data="../inclusions_aP5a38.pdf" type="application/pdf" width="100%" height="480px"><embed src="../inclusions_aP5a38.pdf"><p>This browser does not support PDFs. Please download the PDF to view it: <a href="../inclusions_aP5a38.pdf">Download PDF</a>.</p></embed></object>

*  [Bodlaender1998]({{< base >}}html/BOFCWg)
    * page 22 : [bandwidth]({{< base >}}html/aP5a38) -- Let $G=(V,E)$ be a graph, and let $f\colon V\to \{1,2,\dots,n\}$ be a linear ordering of $G$. 1. The \emph{bandwidth} of $f$ is $\max\{|f(v)-f(w)| \mid (v,w) \in E\}$. ... The bandwidth ... is the minimum bandwidth ... over all possible linear orderings of $G$.
    * page 23 : [bandwidth]({{< base >}}html/aP5a38) upper bounds [pathwidth]({{< base >}}html/VHClqR) by a linear function -- Theorem 44. For every graph $G$, the pathwidth of $G$ is at most the bandwidth of $G$, ... Proof. Let $f \colon V\to \{1,\dots,n\}$ be a linear ordering of $G$ with bandwidth $k$. Then $(X_1,\dots,X_{n-k})$ with $X_i=\{f^{-1}(i), f^{-1}(i+1), \dots, f^{-1}(i+k)\}$ is a path decomposition of $G$ with pathwidth $k$. ...
*  [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Graph_bandwidth](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Graph_bandwidth)
    * [bandwidth]({{< base >}}html/aP5a38) -- (paraphrased) Label graph vertices with distinct integers. Bandwidth of this labelling is the maximum over label differences over all edges. Bandwidth of a graph is the minimum over all labellings.
*  [SchroderThesis]({{< base >}}html/DYGiYb)
    * page 21 : bounded [bandwidth]({{< base >}}html/aP5a38) does not imply bounded [distance to planar]({{< base >}}html/distance_to_loZ5LD) -- Proposition 3.13
    * page 26 : bounded [bandwidth]({{< base >}}html/aP5a38) does not imply bounded [distance to perfect]({{< base >}}html/distance_to_RmssrZ) -- Proposition 3.24
    * page 30 : bounded [bandwidth]({{< base >}}html/aP5a38) does not imply bounded [genus]({{< base >}}html/gbaHdw) -- Proposition 3.27
*  [assumed]({{< base >}}html/9kg0oo)
    * [bandwidth]({{< base >}}html/aP5a38) upper bounds [topological bandwidth]({{< base >}}html/SnA7Eq) by a linear function -- By definition
*  [Sorge2019]({{< base >}}html/VnTIL0)
    * page 10 : [maximum leaf number]({{< base >}}html/BN92vX) upper bounds [bandwidth]({{< base >}}html/aP5a38) by a linear function -- Lemma 4.25. The max leaf number $\mathrm{ml}$ strictly upper bounds the bandwidth $\mathrm{bw}$.
*  [unknown source]({{< base >}}html/myit4D)
    * [bandwidth]({{< base >}}html/aP5a38) upper bounds [maximum degree]({{< base >}}html/UyQ5yM) by a linear function -- Each vertex has an integer $i$ and may be connected only to vertices whose difference from $i$ is at most $k$. There are at most $k$ bigger and $k$ smaller such neighbors.
    * [bandwidth]({{< base >}}html/aP5a38) upper and lower bounds [cutwidth]({{< base >}}html/TLx1pz) by a polynomial function -- Any bandwidth bound cutwidth quadratically. An example where this happens is $(P_n)^k$ which has bandwidth $k$ and cutwidth $O(k^2)$; both seem to be optimal.